Blazor Preview 9 updates (#14157)
aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/dependency-injection.md

| Lifetime | Description |
| -------- | ----------- |

> | <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.ServiceDescriptor.Scoped*> | Blazor client-side doesn't currently have a concept of DI scopes. `Scoped`-registered services behave like `Singleton` services. However, the server-side hosting model supports the `Scoped` lifetime. In a Razor component, a scoped service registration is scoped to the *connection*. For this reason, using scoped services is preferred for services that should be scoped to the current user, even if the current intent is to run client-side in the browser. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.ServiceDescriptor.Scoped*> | Blazor WebAssembly apps don't currently have a concept of DI scopes. `Scoped`-registered services behave like `Singleton` services. However, the server-side hosting model supports the `Scoped` lifetime. In Blazor Server apps, a scoped service registration is scoped to the *connection*. For this reason, using scoped services is preferred for services that should be scoped to the current user, even if the current intent is to run client-side in the browser. |
```
